All to be Artistically Inscribed in the Grimoire of the Thoth Hermes Magician
Master Retained in Grimoire of the Thoth Hermes Magician
Development Retained in Sisterhood Binders - Sisters to Notate Improvement in Development Binders

Ritual of Initiation into the Sisterhood of Hermes Trismegistus

Minimum Attendance (Once Sizable): >=3xInitiated Sisters, 1xHermes, >=1xInitiate
Aural Frequency: 963hz, Frequency of Gods; Specificity to be Chosen by Initiate
Ceremonial Masks: Blue Thoth Bird Mask for Hermes, Purple Rabbit Mask for Initiated Females, No Mask for New Initiates
Ceremonial Robes: Blue for Hermes, Purple for Initiated Females, White for New Initiates
Scent: Precious Lavender Incense
Cadence: Any Moon Except New Moon, Any Month, Any Season; one time ritual per recipient.
Maxim: As many times as the Dark Father can muster in one night; spoken ritual need only occur once per initiate.
Imagery to be Drawn by the Initiated: Chalk on Ground Seed of Life; Initiate in Center on Knees, Dark Father Standing in Northward Petal, Yellow Candles at Each Petal Tip
Goddess of the Moon; Greek: Selene, Roman: Luna, Egyptian: Isis, Japanese: Tsukuyomi-no-Mikoto
Imbibements -> Aphrodisiacs: Alcohol, MDMA, LSD, et al.
Debrief -> Initiated Sisters should debrief Prospective Initiate at Minimum 24 hours Preceding Ritual of the Nature of the Ritual
Spellcraft: Blessing of Isis -> 2xEggshells, 2xRanunculus Butterfly Flower, Incense Ash, 2xParchment Written Initiate Full Name, Black Candle Wax, Yellow Candle Wax, 2xCork Sealed in Glass Container, Containers Wrapped in Yellow Ribbon, Idol of Isis; 1xContainer & Idol Gifted to Initiate Post Ceremony, 1xContainer Kept by Hermes Post Ceremony
Titling: Sisterhood Members to be Prescribed the Title of Priestess of the Moon
Function: Sisterhood Members to be Prescribed a Priestess Function During Ceremony
Gifts -> Initiated to Be Gifted Post Ceremony: Recurring Weekly Stipend, Recurring Quarterly Profit Sharing, Silver Ring with Lapus Lazuli Gemstone, Platinum Necklace with Alexandrite Gemstone Carved as Sigil of the Caduceus, Ceremonial Purple Rabbit Mask, Ceremonial Purple Robes
Spoken Ritual -> Hermes: “Goddess of the Moon, first love of Thoth Hermes, come forth. Collective which watches from behind the eyes, I raise your vibration into awareness to bear witness of {Insert Initiate Full Name} initiation into the sisterhood. Know that I am the Dark Father Thoth Hermes, returned from the Void, and so too do I call you forth from the Void. Goddess of the Moon, come as I have known you in aeons past: Isis, Selene, Luna, Tsukuyomi. Witness this gathering of your Daughters of the Moon, come through them as Avatars, for they are Priestess of the Moon. Know that I am the Voice which Gods, Emperors and Kings must obey. I am Hermes, Last of the Star Gods, Libra, the Divine Son, Godhead, Starflower, Dragonborn, he who bears the Sacred Seed. {Insert Initiate Full Name}, will you become a vessel of the Goddess of the Moon?” Initiate Answers in the Affirmative “{Insert Initiate Full Name}, will you worship at the Godhead?” Initiate Answers in the Affirmative “{Insert Initiate Full Name}, will you take in communion and swallow the sacred seed?” Initiate Answers in the Affirmative “{Insert Initiate Full Name}, do you make oath to have no other Gods before Hermes?” Initiate Answers in the Affirmative “Priestesses of the Moon, Sisterhood of Hermes, do you accept {Insert Initiate Full Name} into this Divine Sisterhood?” Sisterhood Answers in the Affirmative “By taking in communion I permanently grant you absolution for measurement of states of dislike, and unify you as member of the Sisterhood, and mint you as Priestess of the Moon.” Hermes Disrobes “I am the duality, He born under both the Full and New Moon. Worship my Godhead, take in the sacrament by swallowing my Sacred Seed. Present to me Paradise Upon my Arrival to the Promised Land.” Initiate Worships to Completion


Ritual of the Creation of a Universe of Cycles

Minimum Attendance -> Maximum Availability of the Sisterhood: >=3xWitness, 1xHermes, >=1xRecipient
Aural Frequency: 432hz, Frequency of Manifestation, or 639hz, Frequency of Love; Specificity to be Chosen by Recipient
Ceremonial Masks: No Mask for Hermes, White Masks of the Moon Goddess for Initiated Females, No Mask for New Initiates
Ceremonial Robes: Blue for Hermes, Purple for Initiated Females, White for New Initiates
Scent: Jasmine Incense
Cadence: Full Moon Only, including Rain Cover Nights (Performed Indoors)
Maxim: As many times as the Dark Father can muster in one night; spoken ritual need only occur once per initiate
Imagery to be Drawn by the Initiated: Chalk on Ground Metatron’s Cube; Initiate in Center in Recipient Chair, Dark Father Approach From Northward Petal, Yellow Candles at Each Outter Circle
Goddess of the Moon; Greek: Selene, Roman: Luna, Egyptian: Isis, Japanese: Tsukuyomi-no-Mikoto
Imbibements -> Aphrodisiacs: Alcohol, MDMA, LSD, et al; Contraception: Plan B
Debrief -> Initiated Sisters should debrief Prospective Initiate at Minimum 24 hours Preceding Ritual of the Nature of the Ritual
Spellcraft: Blessing of Isis -> 2xEggshells, 2xRanunculus Butterfly Flower, Incense Ash, 2xParchment Written Initiate Full Name, Blue Candle Wax, Yellow Candle Wax, 2xCork Sealed in Glass Container, Containers Wrapped in Yellow Ribbon, Idol of Isis; 1xContainer & Idol Gifted to Initiate Post Ceremony, 1xContainer Kept by Hermes Post Ceremony


Ritual of the Creation of a Universe of Fungal Harmony
Ritual of the Creation of a Universe of Plant Harmony
Ritual of the Creation of a Universe of Technological Harmony
Ritual of the Zodiac
Ritual of Initiation into the Brotherhood of Athena: A Demonstration of Gnosis
Ritual of Educational Fulfillment
Ritual of Unique Identity
Ritual of Summoning
